This web application is based on MVC architecture where in we have modals 
controllers too handle different requests. I will quicky go through the application
and give you the feel how it looks like. This application basically allows user to 
post an advertisement of a product that he/she wants t sell by creating an 
account. This particular product is listed in one of the category in the home page
of the application which every body can see and contact the person if they are
interested.
This is home page of the site where in we have different categories like mobiles
electronics, vehicles, furniture etc. When the user post an advertisement it
sits in one of these category. If you find your product doesnot belong to any
of these category then you can just post it in others category.
If I click in this particular category furniture then you can see all the furnitures
avaliable for sale and their prices and contact information of the person who 
want to sell this particular item. There is brief descripition too about the product.
ok so lets go ahead and post some adds, click on post free add. It will ask you to 
login first to post an advertisement which is good thing without creating an account
you are not allowed to post an add in the website. So as I dont have an account I cannot
enter the credentials so I will create new, click on not yet registered. This is signup page
enter your details. Note that you cannot have same userid as that of others and it gets verified 
asynchronously and says userid already exists. And there are some checks for the phone number,
husky Id i.e my college ID, email. 
After creating an account you login and now you can post an advertisemt clicl on this. Select the
category say for example I want to sell my iphone, select mobile enter the details. select the photo
and click post. My add posted successfully. You can see your add in the mobile category.
You can delete or update the add. click on show my adds click updtate to update the details 
entered or you want to delete the add delete it.
One more thing to notice is that when you click on terms of use in the home page you can notic
your name in this pdf file which is created dynamically as you are signed in.
When you logout and see you wont see your name. So this is pretty much about this app hope 
you like it. Thank you and happy learning. 